c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi.dll.config
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi.pdb
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\obj\Debug\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\obj\Debug\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi.dll
c:\users\aliumutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\obj\Debug\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi.pdb
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Data.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.EnterpriseServices.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Security.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.ApplicationServices.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.DynamicData.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Entity.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Services.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Xml.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\AliUmutcan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\Mobil_Ogrenci_Yoklama_Uygulamasi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
